I’m up to something. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door.
Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel.
Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion!
It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough? Bless up.
You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch.
I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch.

They don’t want us to eat. It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth?
Why live rough? Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat.
They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. We the best. Give thanks to the most high.
They will try to close the door on you, just open it.
In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key.

I’m up to something. I’m up to something. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch.
I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. Wraith talk.
The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice.
It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat.
They will try to close the door on you, just open it. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it.
Surround yourself with angels. The key is to drink coconut, fresh coconut, trust me.
They will try to close the door on you, just open it.

Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow.
The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice.
It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. We the best.
It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough?
To be successful you’ve got to work hard, to make history, simple, you’ve got to make it.
I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing.

They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can.
You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up?
It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh.
Congratulations, you played yourself. Another one. Don’t ever play yourself.
Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion!
The key is to drink coconut, fresh coconut, trust me.

You smart, you loyal, you a genius. Eliptical talk. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch.
I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo?
Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. You smart, you loyal, you a genius.
The other day the grass was brown, now it’s green because I ain’t give up. Never surrender.
You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh.

Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail.
It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean.
Mogul talk. Stay focused. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it.
I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing.