Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it.
You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up.
A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm.
The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up.
Eliptical talk. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm.
Another one. How’s business? Boomin. Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success.

The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple.
Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. Stay focused.
Eliptical talk. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life.
I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. Fan luv.
The other day the grass was brown, now it’s green because I ain’t give up. Never surrender.

Surround yourself with angels. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel.
Fan luv. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life.
I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile.
Wraith talk. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it.
You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo.
 Bless up. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion!

In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it.
Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Give thanks to the most high.
Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow.
Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it.
The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key.
The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows.
Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there.
Celebrate success right, the only way, apple.